---
layout: post
title:  "I'm still being amazed by Slate"
date:   2016-10-19
categories:
  - slate
  - tiling window manager
  - window manager
teaser: >
  I have been a slate user for years, and I am still amazed by this tool.
  I'm trying to find something else, but I am always pulled back.
permalink: article/i-am-still-being-amazed-by-slate
---

I have been a slate user for years, and I am still amazed by this tool.
I'm trying to find something else, but I am always pulled back.

A colleague introduced me to slate. I used it for the sole purpose of
switching windows in OSX having a bind key prefixed by `ctrl + a`.

I used it primarily and only for that purpose.

Then, I started searching for some tools for tiling or some tiling window
manager, and I learned about [Amethyst](https://github.com/ianyh/Amethyst).

I set it up on my local, and used it for a couple of days.

I don't like it that much, so I removed it and moved on for yet another
search. The search wasn't over.

Then came [KWM](https://github.com/koekeishiya/kwm) tiling window
manager. I set it up too, and used it for a couple of months. I
personally liked it, until I had problems with the tiles being reset from
time to time, especially when I play dota.

The tiles reset in size, and in order. Not only that, most customized
keybindings disappear and are no longer working. I had to reload kwmrc
configuration every time this shit happens, until I was full of it. I
decided to let it go; I removed it.

At one point, at several weeks after I removed kwm and not using any
tiling manager at all, I tried re-installing it again, but I was not able
to fully set it up without errors.

I then again reviewed slate's documentation, and got [these line updates](https://github.com/timhtheos/dotfiles/commit/017f072353b1ab763f2092944d745b403314a5d1#diff-312ee6b77f05b59ee4f528c96e84b50eR30)
into my slate's rc file.

Basically, it is this:

~~~
bind d:a,ctrl grid padding:5 0:6,3 1:8,2
~~~

1.  I bind `ctrl + a` then `d` to get to the grid.
2.  Then, I defined 2 monitors. 0 for the default monitor which is my
    macbook's monitor, and then 1 for the external monitor.
3.  Then, the `6:3` and `8:2` for the default and external monitors,
    respectively, are the grids.  6:3 means 6 grids horizontally by 3
    grids vertically.
4.  ATM, no definite idea yet as to the purpose of `padding:5`.

Slate is still amazing.
